so i have been reviewing the evidence in
the doyle homicide case and i stand by
my original statement
officer doyle had no probable cause
hopping out of the car and stopping sean
payton
for a young black cop to take on the
chicago police department
the kid at water broke the most sacred
rule there is he snitched on the police
the two punks that killed doyle
a chicago police officer are gonna walk
free
outward he's gotta pay the price
it's heroin deputy soup calls you come
please call me sam if you keep running
your unit the way you've been doing for
the past seven years you're gonna be out
of a job by christmas
how about your car look i'm police
name's kevin atwater badge number 527
he's telling the truth just look
whatever you want but you ain't gonna
find a damn thing cause i already found
it done
it was in the trunk
i just watched the body cam footage of
miguel cortez's arrest
you kicked down the damn door without
announcing your office
but the days of playing god are over but
i know we can't keep bringing people
down to a cage and beating their ass
because we think they know something you
don't like the way i do business i'm not
woke enough for you
you feel free to get the hell out
did you see their faces
faces were covered there were no cameras
no one's still got the department you'll
never see them
never prove it this is how they do it
make you scared of your own shadow
if you want me to come get me i can take
whatever you got not sure what you're
talking about you like those children
with a dead father they gotta be ashamed
of
i'm gonna keep coming for you until i
have your badge
i'm gonna tell you our way out well
that's not how this works sue you
and i sue the chicago police department
you might need some sort of evidence
yeah when i rip you limb from limb in
front of the media
when i give up my badge my job and my
life
to stand on the podium and call you a
racist
[Music]
you